probably it is Sunday night the last
time you guys saw me was Thursday in San
Diego California for the Adobe MAX
conference I was just finishing out the
first talk that I gave there and gearing
up for the second one and now I'm
actually back in New York City but I get
my second talk on Friday and he needs
some new cool creative people to follow
here are some of my friends from the
conference
let's chat about hashtag goals last year
I went to Adobe MAX conference for the
first time as a college student I was
pursuing computer science I was painting
my life I was like year three in college
I was pursuing this video thing hardcore
and this conference seemed like a cool
thing to do so I bought the student
great ticket it flew out to California
stayed with a friend and went to as
sessions and met a lot of great people
California directors video since then I
am an illustrator author I loved
insanely inspired and during this time
is when I was thinking about dropping
out of college and kind of playing with
that idea one of the hashtag goals that
I had leaving that place was the next
time that I come to Adobe MAX conference
I'm not going to come as an attendee but
I'm going to come as a speaker I said I
would be coming back as a speaker and
this year I came back as a speaker and
as an Adobe Creative resident how cool
is that when you do creative stuff when
you do internet stuff there's always
like this next number to hit there's
always these things that you're striving
for it but I feel like sometimes it's
just like you feel like a hamster on a
wheel and you just keep going and going
and go on and there's no like you just
you just get hungry for more and more
and more and so this is one of those
moments that I just kind of stopped just
being outside hanging with friend in New
York looking at that frickin beautiful
New York City skyline just coming back
from Adobe MAX conference getting to
talk so talk on Friday was in this
humongous humongous room I got to talk
to hundreds of people I just had this
moment of holy crap I am so thankful for
where I am
this was a huge hashtag goal that I get
to check off it was something that I
said I visualized and then did you're
all about the hustle life you're always
looking for the next thing and you know
you guys get the raw in the real and I
feel like I'm always sharing these
struggles I'm not getting enough sleep
yeah I'm editing all the time but I also
wanted to share this freaking win like
this is a
all time and life you're living in your
dream city you're getting all these cool
opportunities with a company that you
just completely adore you're making
things happen no ma'am I wanted to
document this cool moment but also this
is for you a little over a year ago I
was confused I was so confused I was so
lost but I was working so hard towards
something I didn't know what it was yet
but I was just searching so hard the
three years after high school when I was
pursuing an electrical engineering
degree / computer science degree I was
miserable I had no idea if that was what
I was meant to do it legitimately felt
right it never felt right but there were
moments and hobbies and things that I
found interest in that did feel right
along the way at the time filming and
editing was a huge hobby for me but I
kept on pouring into YouTube and the
more I did it the more you know I get
freelance jobs doing it and I just kind
of like kept chipping away at things
that are hobbies that could eventually
become a job I won't I had a job as a
technician at a electronics shop with
like fixing guitar amps and pedals and
keyboards and stuff that is where I
learned lush well engineering is not
where I want to be and I transferred my
major to computer science I would do
some like coding projects on the side
found out that I was miserable doing
that - and one of those two things kind
of collided December of 2015 one I am so
miserable in college this is not taking
me down a path that I want to go and
even after I didn't have a scholarship
anymore you know financially I didn't
want to go into debt and then - this
video thing it was something that I was
good at you know maybe I wouldn't be
able to make youtube my full-time job
immediately
but freelance projects would pay the
rent and you know I could I could
it could be a job after three years of
confusion just straight-up confusion I
had this moment of clarity and I dropped
out hey guys and it's Sara welcome to
the first that creative life episode of
2016 it's gonna take me so long to clean
that up every new year brings about
change I dropped out of college the two
or three months after I dropped out of
college was probably the time in my life
that I have slept the least amount but
fast forward a few months I made a viral
video I got the Adobe Creative residency
and now I live in my dream city and I'm
feeling insanely thankful but I say all
this to encourage you you might be at a
point your life where you don't even
know which way is up but I'm a firm
believer when you find that one thing
that you just have to do in life and
it's met up with a little bit of reality
like not something that you just love to
do but something that also loves you
back and you put in the work and you put
in the work when it doesn't make sense
that's why I love to say when in doubt
keep creating when you're doubting
yourself when you're doubting your
circumstances just keep creating keep
working and because you never know what
is on the other side you never know
what's around the corner of your next
video of your next blog post of your
next test if you're watching this video
it means you have access to Internet
which puts you at a crazy advantage
there's so much information there's so
much opportunities out there on the
interwebs for whatever you want to do
life I want to encourage you wherever
you are in life because I just I know
what that feeling not having anything
figure it out it feels like and so to
kind of reach a point in my life where I
can say okay Sarah you wanted to get
from point A to point B you're now at
point me awesome high five now on to the
next thing if you made it to the end of
this video congratulations but I want
you to comment something because what is
cool about YouTube is it's a community
of people with a peachy fam I want you
to comment what is your point B whether
it's getting to a certain number of
followers on Instagram or it's getting
that internship or it's passing the bar
exam whatever it is tell me what your
point B is it's not to be the ultimate
finish line but what is that that finish
line that is within the next couple of
years what are you gonna do to get to
that point because it's super
encouraging for me to hear other
people's hopes and dreams and we can all
encourage each other as we keep hustling
and hustle and on well thanks for
hanging out with me I am feeling just
insanely inspired to get ish done are
you guys with me are you with me until
until the next video stay peachy okay
bye
this morning at the keynote the dude on
the stage in front of 10,000 people like
send my name and this year's residents
are working across a range of
disciplines and diverse projects for
example there Sarah DT I hope you
enjoyed that quick clip from the
previous video click here if you want to
watch it and click my face to subscribe